README.md, before:

## Setup
- Git clone the repo
- From the root directory use `npm install` then `npm start`
- Application should launch in a new browser window (if not just go to http://localhost:3000)

## Testing
- From the root directory use `npm run test`

## Problems to solve
- The app has some bugs which stop the UI rendering properly once the user interacts with the page

## You need to
- Fix the existing code
  - Identify the bugs and fix them
  - Add any improvements you think are necessary to improve the code quality

- Create a new feature
  - Your feature should be on it's own route
  - It can be anything you like but should reflect a good level of ability
  - It should be tested to at least 90% coverage with meaningful tests
  
### Here are some suggestions if you can't think of your own:  
  - a feature to let users leave an update for a geolocation (it should contradict the provided forecast). Use local storage to mock a back end service.  
  - click on a days forcase to reveal a more in-depth report 

### The app should look like this: 

<img src="images/image1.png" alt="image 1">
<img src="images/image2.png" alt="image 2">

Commit message:

updated readme with submission instructions

README.md, after:

## Setup
- Git clone the repo
- From the root directory use `npm install` then `npm start`
- Application should launch in a new browser window (if not just go to http://localhost:3000)

## Submission
- Create a branch from master
- Name it with your full name
- Push your solution to the repository

## Testing
- From the root directory use `npm run test`

## Problems to solve
- The app has some bugs which stop the UI rendering properly once the user interacts with the page

## You need to
- Fix the existing code
  - Identify the bugs and fix them
  - Add any improvements you think are necessary to improve the code quality

- Create a new feature
  - Your feature should be on it's own route
  - It can be anything you like but should reflect a good level of ability
  - It should be tested to at least 90% coverage with meaningful tests
  
### Here are some suggestions if you can't think of your own:  
  - a feature to let users leave an update for a geolocation (it should contradict the provided forecast). Use local storage to mock a back end service.  
  - click on a days forcase to reveal a more in-depth report 

### The app should look like this: 

<img src="images/image1.png" alt="image 1">
<img src="images/image2.png" alt="image 2">
